Create "Accredited Entities Synchronization Playbook/Incident Response Plan" (#23180)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api: modules/representation_management/app/sidekiq/representation_management/PLAYBOOK.md

1. Check Sidekiq queue depth
2. Monitor worker memory usage
3. Review batch size settings

**Resolution:**

- Adjust SLICE_SIZE constant if needed (default: 30)
- Scale Sidekiq workers if necessary
- Check for API rate limiting

#### 4. Missing VSO Associations

**Symptoms:**

- Representatives not linked to their VSOs
- Accreditation records missing
- Errors mentioning "VSO not found for ogc_id"

**Immediate Actions:**

1. Verify VSOs were processed before representatives
2. Check for VSO records in database
3. Review job execution order

**Resolution:**

```ruby
# Verify VSO exists
vso = AccreditedOrganization.find_by(ogc_id: 'vso_id')

# Check representative associations
rep = AccreditedIndividual.find_by(ogc_id: 'rep_id', individual_type: 'representative')
rep.accredited_organizations

# Manually create association if needed
Accreditation.find_or_create_by(
  accredited_individual_id: rep.id,
  accredited_organization_id: vso.id
)
```

### Errors and Metrics

#### Error Logging

- **Rails Logger:** Application logs capture detailed error information
- **Slack Notifications:** Production errors automatically posted to `#benefits-representation-management-notifications`

> - **Sentry Integration:** Runtime errors and exceptions tracked in Sentry

Reviewer: Sentry use is deprecated, all the `Rails.logger` messages end up in Datadog. 
```suggestion
- **Datadog Integration:** Runtime errors and exceptions tracked in Datadog through `Rails.logger`.
```

#### Performance Metrics

- **Sidekiq Monitoring:** Monitor job execution times and queue depths
- **Database Metrics:** Track record counts and update rates
- **API Response Times:** Monitor GCLAWS API performance

#### Key Metrics to Monitor

1. **Entity Counts:**

   - Total agents, attorneys, representatives, VSOs
   - Daily count changes
   - Validation threshold breaches

2. **Job Performance:**

   - Total execution time
   - Records processed per minute
   - Address validation success rate

3. **Data Quality:**
   - Records with valid geocoding
   - Failed address validations
   - Missing associations

### Debug Commands

```ruby
# Check current entity counts from API

> RepresentationManagement::AccreditationApiEntityCount.new.api_counts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RepresentationManagement::AccreditationApiEntityCount.new.send("current_api_counts")
```
